# My Question

Value1: - Agility vs Reliability: The trade-off between agility and reliability is challenging. How does your team make decisions regarding this?
- Diversity: I am Asian. Does your team have diversity and cultural understanding?
- Career Path: If I continue to achieve outstanding results, what career path options would be available? e.g., Visa support and relocation
- Expectation: What are the expectations for the ideal candidate for this position?
- Legacy: What bottlenecks does the legacy part of the system have?
- Business Impact: How important is the project that this team is working on for the company?
- LLM: I have been involved in projects related to LLMs and am proactive about leveraging them. How does your team utilize LLMs?
- Interview Process: Please tell me about the remaining interview process and what I should prepare for.
- Learning: Are many people learning and trying out new technologies?
- Number: Can you provide some numbers to help understand the scale of the system I am responsible for?
- Decision: Could you tell me about a significant decision you have made recently?
- Background: Could you tell me the number of team members and their backgrounds?
- Project: Could you tell me about the project you’re currently working on?
- Company Value:
  - Ownership: Would it be possible for me to work on improvement tasks for other teams?
  - Think Big: Are there opportunities to make bold decisions?
  - Earn Trust: How are decisions made within the team when conflicts arise?